Add tables for monitoring statistics of Virtual Machine cpu utilization and disk read/write ops (#166)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-azure: docs/tables/azure_compute_disk_metric_read_ops_hourly.md

# Table: azure_compute_disk_metric_read_ops_hourly

> GCP Monitoring Metrics provide data about the performance of your systems. The `azure_compute_disk_metric_read_ops_hourly` table provides metric statistics at 60 minute intervals for the most recent 1 year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GCP Monitoring Metrics provide data about the performance of your systems. The `azure_compute_disk_metric_read_ops_hourly` table provides metric statistics at 60 minute intervals for the most recent 60 days.
```

Author: @Subhajit97 can I know why 60 days? we are fetching the details for 1 year

Reviewer: @ParthaI We should follow the below

- If interval is 24hrs, then table will store records for 1 year, and,
- if interval is 1hr, then table will store records for 60 days, and,
- if interval is 5mins, then table will store records for 5 days
